Oh teach oh my friend it's inside I'm a
little but sunny side of things place
what do you mean a dangerous this guy me
not so I tell her bear he puts people in
the boyfriend and then make snippy the
kids in Detroit what the boy home in my
friends are ah no tea danger how do you
know story have you been there hello
Boeing of offences of tell you story
over more and we go on our only TV toys
for Reza because my hottie toys huh
don't you like it mm-hmm she's played
you for some lovely she loved lots of
what oh that's at least favorite
personally to meet you mm-hmm but one
day we just in the car she played us
come on Daisy ok sit up this leg for a
baby oh dude you look good yeah we want
a long
until until you're only 20 days ago but
it was already too she had a nice game
we said no she be pleased us I'm going
with her oh no you gotta cook me nearly
went just sing so take care during the
caliper man for very long time and
that's how all happened wow that's very
pretty sad so what's a hangover yes I'll
be really long time don't Li Tong Elster
you 30 years ago or something oh ok
refresh former sense